Added note w.r.t On-Premises mailbox's experience (#2554)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeHybrid/hybrid-deployment/set-up-microsoft-365-groups.md

Microsoft 365 Groups service that enables teams to communicate, schedule meetings, and collaborate on documents more easily. All information shared with a group, from email messages sent to the group, to files stored in the group's OneDrive for Business or SharePoint libraries, is available to any member of a group. If you've configured a hybrid deployment between your on-premises Exchange organization and Microsoft 365 or Office 365, you can make groups created in Microsoft 365 or Office 365 available to your on-premises users by following the steps in this topic.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> After the steps of this article are successfully performed, the On-Premises mailbox can send and receive emails to Microsoft 365 Group. However, the Microsoft 365 Group will not appear in the navigation bar of Outlook on the web or Outlook desktop client. For full fledged Microsoft 365 Group exprience, the mailbox must be present in Microsoft 365. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the steps of this article are successfully performed, the On-Premises mailbox can send and receive emails to and from a Microsoft 365 Group. However, the Microsoft 365 Group will not appear in the navigation bar of Outlook on the web or Outlook desktop client. For a full-fledged Microsoft 365 Group experience, the mailbox must be present in Microsoft 365. 
```

> After the steps of this article are successfully performed, the on-premises mailbox can send and receive emails to and from a Microsoft 365 group. However, the Microsoft 365 group will not appear in the navigation bar of Outlook on the web or Outlook desktop client. For a fully-fledged Microsoft 365 Groups experience, the mailbox must be present in Microsoft 365. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the steps in this article are successfully performed, the on-premises mailbox can send and receive emails to and from a Microsoft 365 group. However, the Microsoft 365 group will not appear in the navigation bar of Outlook on the web or Outlook desktop client. For a fully-fledged Microsoft 365 Groups experience, the mailbox must be present in Microsoft 365. 
```
